docs: create documentation templates (#824)
rx-angular/rx-angular: docs/templates/PACKAGE_MAIN_README.MD

<!-- TOKENS:
- PACKAGE_NAME

> - SLOGAN

Reviewer: slogan? :D

- PACKAGE_COVER_IMAGE
-->

# [PACKAGE_NAME]

<!-- HEADLINE:
* required

> The package name of the library. e.g. `my-package-name`  
> If it is a scoped lib also include the scope e.g. `@scope/my-package-name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package name of the library. e.g. `coalescing`  
If it is a scoped lib also include the scope e.g. `@rx-angular/{ cdk | template | state }/coalescing`
```

-->

Example:
> # @rx-angular/cdk

<!-- CORE_SHIELDS:
* required

The core shields of the package:
- Active NPM version e.g. `[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/[PACKAGE_NAME].svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/[my-package])`
- CI Status e.g. [GitHub workflow status badge](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/adding-a-workflow-status-badge)
- Coverage Status e.g. [coveralls.io](https://coveralls.io/)
-->

Example:
> [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40rx-angular%2Fcdk.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/%40rx-angular%2Fcdk)
![rx-angular CI](https://github.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/workflows/rx-angular%20CI/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![Coverage Status](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/github-pages/docs/test-coverage/cdk/jest-coverage-badge.svg)](https://rx-angular.github.io/rx-angular/test-coverage/cdk/lcov-report/index.html)

## [SLOGAN]

<!-- HEADLINE:
* required

> A short sentence pitching the idea and benefits

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be just a very short extract of the motivation?

-->

Example:

> > ## A Component Development Kit for high performant and ergonomic Angular applications and UI libs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ## A Component Development Kit for high performant, ergonomic Angular applications and UI libs.
```

<!-- TEASER:
* required

A short test summarizing goals and motivations

> -->

Reviewer: I don't know if we just repeat ourselves here. This sounds like the Motivation section of the other MD file

Reviewer 2: Imo, either slogan or teaser should go.
